hello it's Ruby and today I am here in
London and I am going to be going to a
multitude a plethora of different
museums because I had a spare day and
I've spent the last few days at home and
I really felt like learning something
new and what better way to do that than
by visiting museums so today the plan is
number one I'm here in Russell Square
which is where the British Museum is so
I'm gonna go to the British Museum first
because there's more likely to be a
queue for this one and then I'm gonna go
on to the foundling Museum which is
actually on my bucket list of places to
visit wait I don't even know where it is
some ages as I think the British Museum
then I just saw the Museum of genocide
in the Holocaust which is really nearby
so I want to go to that after that then
we're going to go down to South
Kensington and go to the Science Museum
the Natural History Museum and Victoria
and Albert and they've never actually
been to the V&A also I'm very excited
so what's interesting about these
Egyptian taxes to his head is that even
though my Christianity was the pervading
religion and in like the fossa and
create 2nd century
you can still see fusion paganism
actually that's pretty interesting
because paganism is a cultural mean
in a judge ancient Egypt here you can
see some ancient must pay you never see
this matter but Tony mess
Mesopotamian Mesopotamia Messier you can
think you know what I mean I can say
instruments but music was a really
important part of the ancient
Mesopotamian banquets and events nine to
seven centuries BC and well BCE yes so
interesting doesn't say very much about
the actual scales but it says that they
were documented on tab
[Music]
so that is in traditional pottery I mean
being on the market
is made by an Inuit
and it exposed the relationship between
Western and native culture by the
history of reindeer which replaced while
the caribou and I should never even
thought about the name like reindeer it
is I any others in cages of lunacy
I've always wanted to see one in person
what's really interesting I've done a
bit of research into this and paused a
little notch is the animals as you can
see the right knee of that one at the
top is evening
[Music]
okay so I have many museums 280 today so
I don't know fortunately absolutely the
British Museum luckily I never seemed
like the major things that they've got
here before I'd like to stay for longer
but other museums back end
no matter how many times I came here I
don't think I'll ever get over the
ceiling it's
[Music]
and genocide
basically the exhibition was a
collection of photographs by Gary Simon
there was one particularly interesting
story about Tatiana babakov a Chinese
Russian Duarte balidaan and had her
story in a really lovely picture of her
it was certainly worth visiting it was
more about Jewish heritage than the
Holocaust but there were little snippet
I've heard about this house from 1911 to
1912 or Virginia Woolf lived with a
range of other and authors and really
just really cool people that is so cool
I remember my English teacher telling me
about that and I've seen it and now
we're here at the foundling Museum which
I in limbo it was saying that the
expression is agree from the women whose
children could not be emitted this gasps
Nemo itself the most of some of the
women who parted with their children
and this is what they do
this is entire paid for one milk bar G
winter
[Music]
I've just left the family Museum and it
was so interesting I think it's up there
with the Charles Dickens museum this may
be my favorite museum I've ever been to
if you're in Bloomsbury literally
they're both so close to each other I
definitely recommend going and I
actually personally in a very
controversial opinion I actually
personally prefer it to the British
beach view
[Music]
History Museum museum number four of the
day and I have me saying
white city at five o'clock so I need to
leave South Kensington so I've got three
not three hours do you know half hours
two
spend in three different agents
[Music]
so this is the Museum of the Munich look
it's incredible I don't know it's how
she been made
[Music]
I'm going to head off now it's cool of
the past some of my favorite animals oh
my gosh I'm so glad I just stumbled over
so this here is
and I'm in the space section which is
the number-one place I wanted to come on
Thursday I've been here like maybe three
or four times and this is where's my
favorite hood and I'm also listening a
tegu stop whole planets and knees
because
[Music]
thing that is able to imagine like how
long it takes for something to land and
it was actually the first thing in their
Cassini comes out heightened I think
which went to Saturn's Titan and that
was the first part like that was the
first thing to actually touch the
surface and from the way I've handed you
can deduce that the consistency of the
ground was very much like proxy server
[Music]
which was made by Humphrey Davy who also
found
I think it was nitrous oxide as a
anesthetic before that - have been using
naked flames people just use naked flame
which is obviously very dangerous and so
they're explosions very often but with
this new innovation he was able to add a
layer of gauze in between the flame so
that it didn't cause an explosion and
not better I've never seen one in
actuality but that's a sedan chair and
so chairman well basically like hold it
up and then just carry you around they
had one in I think it was returned
[Music]
I love old fashioned motor cars like the
Ford t1 is one of my favorite cars
this is the last exhibition I want to
see it whilst I'm here
I love clocks I know it's really weird
thing to like really like but I just
loved observing they're beautiful
there's a clock makers exhibition
section inside Suzy and so I'm going to
grab this
it's really cool about that is that
actually shows that tight like depending
on the time of year and the date it will
tell you whether it's like your dark
that that's funny I just wonder if it
means you know after the Sun sets
because obviously it changes depending
what there are hills or animations and
visibility saying and what they
calculated I'm I have to look into that
[Music]
both of those have replicas of the fast
one is John Harrison Sparta Marines
high-energy young and Herbert Davis did
that one non-case clock signed by James
Harrison that's pretty cool but it does
one thing I love more than frogs its
Orioles
it's a clunk
and we say
this is French and at the top its nori
and this is by Valley ami family in
another one
[Music]
it's now 328 so I'm gonna have less than
an hour in the VNA which is kind of
annoying because I've never been to the
DNA before and I have been to the
Natural History Museum British Museum
and Science Museum's the fluo say I wish
sides budget of their Stata
but I'm gonna have to speed round the
DNA luckily it's really really close
it's been about like a minute long walk
so it's closer than the Natural History
Museum was to the Science Museum and
then finding the need to get a train at
20 at the very latest inherit DNA and
it's really hard to navigate I'm trying
to get to the 1762 present-day
Britain which is on the third floor cow
which is the best staircase in lift to
take is there must be multiple ones and
they're interactive areas
[Music]
this is Diana she is the statue by a
British sculptors artist which is of a
mythical character as opposed to you
know like a bust of a famous person or
something so
you
[Music]
this doctor of the night is an effigy
tonight and it may pays no charge and
it's kind of like the Unknown Soldier
he was buried Westminster
these tools poses food Maurice
beautiful decorative ones I never sees
Meyer she walk out with the tapestry is
all the medical industry
where do you want it was like these
teams that ratted me food if they be
worn during Pentecost like the Latasha
Kolkata riders - wandering Pentecost I
can't remember greenness p.m. maybe this
means Pentacles because you've got an
angel coming down which could be the
Holy Spirit
[Music]
so the DNA is actually 164 years old and
it's so beautiful I can't leave this is
my first time coming here I feel like
I've wasted so much time some really
incredible experiences succumbing to the
beautiful beautiful beautiful building
now we're gonna go into this wine
because I really love basically
Victorians
so I realized I completely forgot to
round off this vlog so I'm going to say
goodbye now
after visiting museums I like to just
write a summary of the things that I
learnt and do some extra research into
the things that I didn't learn enough
about when I was at the museum so just
little snippets that I wasn't that one
fully covered by the exhibit I'll do
that research do some studying in that
regard just means I actually come away
having it with something substantial to
which I can look back on if I want to
and I especially did this for the family
Museum actually because I loved the
family Museum it's my new favorite
Museum honestly if you're in Bloomsbury
you have to go to the foundling Museum
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and I
hope that you have a productive
[Music]